Add german common crawl dataset (#1425)
huggingface/datasets: datasets/german_common_crawl/README.md

---

> YAML tags:

Reviewer: We expect to have the YAML tags here, not JSON (even though the tagger app allows to save as JSON)
Can you replace the tags with the YAML instead ?
You can fin the YAML at the top right of the tagger app by clicking `expand yaml tags`

 'original_nlines': 99, 
 'original_length': 2672, 
 'language': 'de', 
 'language_score': 1.0, 
 'perplexity': 283.0, 
 'bucket': 'head'}"
```

### Data Fields

- `url`: Original URL 
- `date_download`: Date when downloaded by Common Crawl
- `digest`: Hash 
- `length`: Number of Characters
- `nlines`: Number of lines 
- `source_domain`: Main Domain 
- `title`: Website Title
- `raw_content`: Website Text
- `cc_segment`: Common Crawl Segment = s3 path
- `original_nlines`: Number of lines before boilerplate removal
- `original_length`: Number of characters before boilerplate removal
- `language`: 'de'
- `language_score`: Probability of german only text
- `perplexity`: Quality of the text in comparison to wikipedia
- `bucket`: 'head'

### Data Splits

Train only

## Dataset Creation

### Curation Rationale

Handling and Filtering of Common Crawl Data requires large scale Server Ressources at a location in the US (for downloading speed). The total computing time needed to create this dataset is above 100k CPU hours. To give others the opportunity to train models with this dataset easily we make it publicly available. 

> In most use cases you see an improved Model Performance when extending the pre-training Data so one can achieve highest accuracies as this is probably the largest available dataset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most use cases you see an improved Model Performance when extending the pre-training Data so one can achieve highest accuracies as this is probably one of the largest available datasets. 
```
(nit)
